England, December 30th, 1942.
Dear mother, dad, and gang.
Though I'm not supposed to tell you where I've been,
I think even the hardest of senses would let a guy tell about Christmas Day as I enjoyed it over here.
I have to start with Christmas Eve.
It was then I opened your various Christmas parcels.
Some of the fellows, the rats, were standing around helping and grabbing.
Hey, what are you up to, guys?
This is my cookie. I like chocolate.
Hey, Charlie, your mother's a swell cook.
Good.
They opened this one, Charlie. It's small, but heavy.
Hey, will you look at that.
This is what I've been yelling for. What is it?
Oh, that's a fucking whetstone.
Isn't that swell? My father said to do that.
Now, I don't care whether I can get new rays of plays or not.
You'd better hang on to that brother of Alfie's wife on it.
I can have anything but my whetstone.
I'm going to hang on to it.
Come in.
That'd be so nice of you to do that.
Hey.
I'm going to have dinner with the queen.
She's been out in the sun for a long time.
That's what the note says.
And it's ambrose.
And I have been chosen as the two American officers
to have Christmas dinner with Queen Mary.
Wow.
It wasn't kidding, mother and dad.
We really were invited.
You know, Mother, you've always told me
it was nice to take along some little thing to your hostess.
So thanks for your Christmas presents,
I was able to put together a small package for the queen.
I admit I hesitated some time over what to put in.
And it was hardly a royal-looking parcel.
A box-labeled perfection paper clip, sick gross.
But I somehow thought the queen wouldn't mind.
Well, when we got there...
Your Majesty, Captain Charles Bedley,
Mr. Ensemblish.
Oh, you Captain Bedley, Mr. Ensemblish.
I'm very glad to see you.
How are you doing, Your Majesty?
It was very nice of you to come.
It was nice of us.
Golly.
I think Christmas is the time
when we all want to be with our families.
But if you come,
well, the next best thing is to be with someone else.
You see?
My family's broken up by the war, too, you know.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I guess that's the problem.
Now, just be in peace.
Will you accept a little gift from me?
Captain Bedley has one for you
and one for you, Mr. Ensemblish.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Captain Bedley, I see you have a package.
Could that fly any chance to present to me?
Yes, it is, Your Majesty.
You laugh, I guess.
It isn't really paper clip,
but that's the only box I have.
Let's all open our presents together, shall we?
So, it's a gift, Your Majesty.
You need your test on it, Your Majesty.
I've got a silver pen, knife and a pencil.
Oh, well, I'll hang on to these.
Oh, Captain Bedley, how sweet.
You know how long the chopsticks have been here.
And the soap, don't you?
Don't you tell me about this little thing?
Oh, it's a redstone,
sharp and nice and red, the way it is.
I thought that maybe down in the kitchen
or maybe the king had a reason to teach.
Oh, I'm sure it's a very big need.
I know these things are in your Christmas boxes from home
and I think it's very generous of you to share them with me.
How do you like it?
Join the other guests and go into dinner.
Oh, Captain Bedley, you always fit on my list.
I would like to hear about a list of your family
and all the things you do at home.
When Lieutenant Bresch and I left at midnight,
it was as if we'd spent an evening with old friends.
It was great.
Must close now.
Hope you're all well.
Well, darling.
